API docs for Password Policy Updates for Identity Engine (#2074)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/policy/index.md

#### Recovery object

// Do I need to say anything about how Recovery object should not be sent as part of policy once OIE is enabled
// It is supported for backwards compatibility, but we need to let api users know that it is the not the right approach.

> 

Author: @jakubvul @antonioruberto-okta Any thoughts?

Reviewer: We can mention in OIE we recommend using rule and also add a link/anchor to the `Password Actions example` section where we talk about the requirements object.

Reviewer 2: @AjayThomas-okta yes you should. @antonioruberto-okta 's suggestion seems reasonable.

> However, with the new Okta Identity Engine, it is recommended to set recovery factors in the password policy rule as shown in the examples under [Password Rules Action Data](#password-actions-example).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, if you are using Okta Identity Engine, it is recommended to set recovery factors in the Password Policy Rule as shown in the examples under [Password Rules Action Data](#password-actions-example).
```

| recovery_question | Settings for Security Question Factor | [Recovery Question Factor object](#recovery-question-factor-object) | No       |
| okta_email        | Settings for Email Factor             | [Email Factor object](#email-factor-object)                         | No       |
| okta_sms          | Settings for SMS Factor               | [SMS Factor object](#sms-factor-object)                             | No       |
| okta_call         | Settings for Call Factor              | [Call Factor object](#call-factor-object)                           | No       |

###### Recovery Question Factor object

| Property   | Description                                         | Data Type                                                                                 | Required |
| ---        | ---                                                 | ---                                                                                       | ---      |
| status     | Indicates if the Factor is enabled.                 | `ACTIVE`, `INACTIVE`                                                                      | Yes      |

> | properties | Configuration settings for Security Question Factor | [Recovery Question Factor Properties object](#recovery-question-factor-properties-object) | No       |

Author: These are unrelated OIE api fixes but was missing a few details for v1 sspr policy.

| Property   | Description                                                     | Data Type                                                         | Required |
| ---        | ---                                                             | ---                                                               | ---      |
| status     | Indicates if the Factor is enabled. This property is read-only | `ACTIVE`                                                          | Yes      |

> | properties | Configuration settings for the Okta Email Factor                   | [Email Factor Properties object](#email-factor-properties-object) | No       |

Author: No change here.

  },
```

<ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br>

> With Identity Engine, Recovery Factors can be specified inside the Password Policy Rule object instead of in the Policy Settings object. Recovery factors on the rule is defined inside the `selfServicePasswordReset` Action.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With Identity Engine, Recovery Factors can be specified inside the Password Policy Rule object instead of in the Policy Settings object. Recovery Factors for the Rule are defined inside the `selfServicePasswordReset` Action.
```

* [Network Condition](#network-condition-object)

> ### Updates to Password Policy For Identity Engine

Reviewer 2: This should just be integrated into the existing doc.

<ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br>
> **Note:** This feature is only available as a part of the Okta Identity Engine. Please [contact support](mailto:dev-inquiries@okta.com) for further information.

> This updated Password Policy API shows only the changes from the original [Password Policy API](#password-policy) above.

Reviewer 2: This is no longer true/necessary.

> Earlier, we supported setting Recovery Factors on the [Policy](#policy-settings-example-2). With Identity Engine, the new Password Policy model does not contain Recovery Factors but instead Password Policy Rule model contains them.

Reviewer 2: This seems like it should require the change of one or more objects that are documented?

* [Network Condition](#network-condition-object)

### Updates to Password Policy For Identity Engine

<ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br>
> **Note:** This feature is only available as a part of the Okta Identity Engine. Please [contact support](mailto:dev-inquiries@okta.com) for further information.

This updated Password Policy API shows only the changes from the original [Password Policy API](#password-policy) above.

> Earlier, we supported setting Recovery Factors on the [Policy](#policy-settings-example-2). While we will still continue to support it for backwards compatibility of older clients, the new Password Policy model does not contain Recovery Factors. This is now moved to the Password Policy Rule model.

Reviewer: Maybe remove the `This is now moved to the Password Policy Rule model.` but since we repeat it immediately right after the JSON.

Reviewer: Also do we need to mention `While we will still continue to support it for backwards compatibility of older clients`? It is sort of vague.

##### Self Service Password Reset Action object

> 

Reviewer 2: > **Note:** The indicated objects and properties below are only available as a part of the Okta Identity Engine. Please [contact support](mailto:dev-inquiries@okta.com) for further information.

> | Property                                                       | Data Type   | Description                                                                                 | Supported Values                | Required | Default 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: The indicated objects and properties below are only available as a part of the Okta Identity Engine. Please contact support for further information.

| Property                                                       | Data Type   | Description                                                                                 | Supported Values                | Required | Default 
```

| ---                           | ---         | ---                                                                                         | ---                             | ---      | ---
| `access`                      | String      | Indicates if the action is permitted                                                        | `ALLOW`, `DENY`                 | No       | `DENY`

> | `requirement` <ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br>   > **Note:** The `requirement` property is only available as a part of the Okta Identity Engine. Please [contact support](mailto:dev-inquiries@okta.com) for further information.              | Object      | JSON object containing Authenticator methods required to be verified if `access` is `ALLOW`. If access is `ALLOW` and `requirement` is not specified, `recovery.factors` from parent policy object is used to determine recovery factors.                             | No       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `requirement` <ApiLifecycle access="ie" />  | Object      | JSON object containing Authenticator methods required to be verified if `access` is `ALLOW`. If access is `ALLOW` and `requirement` is not specified, `recovery.factors` from parent policy object is used to determine recovery factors.                             | No       |
```

> | `requirement.primary.methods` <ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br> | Array       | Authenticator methods that can be used by end user to initiate password recovery            | `EMAIL`, `SMS`, `VOICE`, `PUSH` | Yes | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `requirement.primary.methods` <ApiLifecycle access="ie" /> | Array       | Authenticator methods that can be used by end user to initiate password recovery            | `EMAIL`, `SMS`, `VOICE`, `PUSH` | Yes | 
```

> | `requirement.stepUp.required` <ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br> | Boolean     | Indicates if any step up verification is required to recover password following primary methods verification | `true`, `false` | Yes | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `requirement.stepUp.required` <ApiLifecycle access="ie" /> | Boolean     | Indicates if any step up verification is required to recover password following primary methods verification | `true`, `false` | Yes | 
```

> | `requirement.stepUp.methods`  <ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br> | Array       | If `requirement.stepUp.required` is `true`, JSON object containing authenticator methods required to be verified as a step up. If not specified, any enrolled Authenticator methods allowed for sign-on can be used as step up. | `null` or an array containing`SECURITY_QUESTION` | No

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `requirement.stepUp.methods`  <ApiLifecycle access="ie" /> | Array       | If `requirement.stepUp.required` is `true`, JSON object containing authenticator methods required to be verified as a step up. If not specified, any enrolled Authenticator methods allowed for sign-on can be used as step up. | `null` or an array containing`SECURITY_QUESTION` | No
```
